{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Computational Musicology\
Fall 2018\
Assignment 3\
Aaron Rourk\
\
\ul Questions on Bello Reading\ulnone \
\

\f1\i What is the difference between an attack and an onset?
\f0\i0 \
\ul attack\ulnone : \'93time interval during which the amplitude envelope increases\'94\
\
\ul onset\ulnone : \'93single instant chosen to mark the temporally extended transient,\'94 assuming that \'93the human ear cannot distinguish between two transients less than 10 ms apart,\'94 often coinciding with \'93the start of the transient, or the earliest time at which the transient can be reliably detected.\'94\
\

\f1\i Why is preprocessing typically done to the signal?
\f0\i0 \
\'93In order to accentuate or attenuate various aspects of the signal according to their relevance to the task at hand.\'94 Optional, depends on the \'93process or processes to be subsequently performed.\'94\
\

\f1\i What is the purpose of reduction?
\f0\i0 \
Reduction transforms the audio signal into a \'93highly subsampled detection function,\'94 which is an \'93intermediate signal that reflects, in a simplified form, the local structure of the original.\'94 Detection functions are created via reduction as a way to simplify the complexity of a signal, allowing for a greater degree of precision in onset detection.\
\

\f1\i What is the role of peak picking?
\f0\i0 \
Peak picking separates onsets from noise in the signal, \'93or other aspects of the signal not specifically to do with onsets, such as vibrato.\'94}